brasilia tv tv enters every day in thousands of houses of the
a huge gear makes the product that comes to you have a
standard of quality recognized worldwide
then know a little more about the operation of our station is the
Our day on this tour will be a viewer we invite today is the
without jobs alves of 23 years structural speaker to show our
scouts
but my will to return to normal
Sao Paulo
ferdinando bedin
is one more of those confessed movement
working as a procon reporter
please do not disturb
really recovered dawn
he is his
Electrical / Electronic Manufacturing
to find out what happened
we are ready
they judge themselves
Nothing yet
then it's six o'clock in the morning
He lived in early January.
successfully sent all this gives me a note
newspapers also Afghan Deputy Secret here all day improve the
our life
before the newspaper the saints then decided by the facilities for all Brazil
yesterday by the city hall to discuss
and here within the small area
santo angelo that the management operations with the care of the teams
and coordinate one of the news programs that good
taken by the right during this period the local commercial breaks
after some players and the way in which farmers pay
municipality of São Paulo and hit di Maria
level the qualification is part dream
this season the goalkeeper vanderlei
small room full of screens and buttons the conversations mingle is still remembered
for the truth according to him not to divert to Brazil
to marina 10 thousand the newspaper comments
Good morning the audi a3 highlights of this edition and today they are of the structural
news of chelsea's interest this year more than 13 million
tonnes of waste but could not account for their actions
now plans to resume dollar auctions with potential investors
blood donors said jenca sent the document
Good morning to you, I do not know.
only this year
I'm
but at the time
how is it
defined as cultural reference day continues in the focus of interest
now the coach's team rafa benítez is weakened to
work before eight in the morning after a long novel
this is the proposal to implement
other survey in the area in addition the owner
the idea is to open the board
the race to prepare the next game in the light has begun
carlos gil early in the morning our guest still met the studio of
Good morning Brazil
let's say you are this proves that you were late in the operation
You always want to compensate afp journalists.
he also accompanies the exit of the reporting teams
journalism does not stop in speeches minutes is a first disservice
edition that enters the air the drivers and collectors concierge of the secretary of
health with the proximity of the
I hope she gets better soon
not satisfied with the shape of our news programs or imagine how the
I work from here on the screen.
the scenarios are not always as beautiful as our studios on the run
to take the news first hand leaves the tv professionals is fine
far from that love
to produce all that you did and in your home it takes a job
heavyweight and a large team
fees had 14 pounds after the bandits of the river lost
the Brazilian government has condemned the national newspaper
and we were distributed according to the necessity of victory
beans in the center of the city the country's interests brazil is covered by
teams from our news programs
at the end of the day are physically at home to watch the securitization parade with
the beijing family now with the slightly different look
I thought it was fine
pedal
a reason still
it is a very time consuming process to go through a vote on Tuesday
because everyone
tomorrow, tomorrow